BitMEX API Connectors
=====================

A few simple connectors for connecting to the BitMEX API, which conforms to the
[Swagger](https://github.com/wordnik/swagger-spec/blob/master/versions/1.2.md) spec.

Connectors in the `clients` directory are autogenerated. Connectors in the `official-*` directory
are written or vetted by BitMEX employees to showcase various features.

Official Examples
-----------------

#### HTTP

* [C#](/official-http/csharp)
* [mIRC](/official-http/mIRC)
* [Node-Request](/official-http/node-request)
* [Node-Swagger](/official-http/node-swagger)
* [Python-SwaggerPy](/official-http/python-swaggerpy)
* [VBA](/official-http/vba)

#### Websockets

> The easiest way to get real-time data from BitMEX is via the
[BitMEX Delta Server](/official-ws/delta-server), a locally-runnable
HTTP server that subscribes to live data on your behalf.
You can poll this local server as often as you want.

* [BitMEX-Delta-Server (Start Here)](/official-ws/delta-server)
* [NodeJS](/official-ws/nodejs)
* [Browser (Primus)](/official-ws/browser-primus)
* [Python](/official-ws/python)

Auto-Generated Languages
------------------------

Clients:

* [Android](/auto-generated/android)
* [Clojure](/auto-generated/clojure)
* [C#](/auto-generated/csharp)
* [C++-Qt5](/auto-generator/qt5cpp)
* [C++-REST](/auto-generator/cpprest)
* [Go](/auto-generated/go)
* [Java](/auto-generated/java)
* [JavaScript](/auto-generated/javascript)
* [Objective C](/auto-generated/objc)
* [PHP](/auto-generated/php)
* [Python](/auto-generated/python)
* [Ruby](/auto-generated/ruby)
* [Scala](/auto-generated/scala)
* [Scala-Akka](/auto-generated/akka-scala)
* [Swift](/auto-generated/swift4)
* [TypeScript](/auto-generated/typescript-node)

Swagger Output:

* [JSON](/auto-generated/swagger)
* [YAML](/auto-generated/swagger-yaml)
## BitMEX Websocket Adapters

Reference adapters for connecting to BitMEX's realtime API.

These adapters do the hard work of connecting and processing deltas so you can just handle full-data events, just
like a REST API; but you receive the significant benefit of real-time updates without being ratelimited.

#### General Adapters

* [BitMEX Delta Server](delta-server) - Generic locally-runnable webserver that emulates the BitMEX API. Works
  with any framework or service. Start here.

#### Language-specific Adapters

* [Browser (Primus)](browser-primus)
* [NodeJS](nodejs)
* [Python](python)

#### Connecting to the REST API

See the [API Connectors](https://github.com/BitMEX/api-connectors) repository for HTTP adapters.
